twice they have set up camp and twice
police have swept in and shut them down
this was USC the University of Southern
California as around 50 Riot police from
the Los Angeles police moved in at 4:00
a.m. Sunday evicting protesters for the
second time the heavy uniforms were a
precaution but the protesters who' been
demonstrating peacefully left just as
peacefully they were told to leave and
they did no arrests were made and the
university has now erected a 6ot wall
around this site to stop a third attempt
across the country the protest movement
continues this is deple University in
Chicago over
[Applause]
[Music]
40,000 Palestine supporting
demonstrators pitted against a
counter-protest by Israel
supporters two sides in one place facing
off but without the violence we've seen
at other demonstrations in Southern
California this encampment at UC Irvine
in Orange county is about to hit its
first week this is just one of the the
tactics that we're using to to um to get
divestment much smaller than UCLA this
one has around 40 or so in the
encampment they've not wavered despite
the university initially trying to shut
them down and they say they'll continue
for as long as it takes when you look at
at some of the larger protests like
Colombia like UCLA and how they've
closed down or they've been closed down
how do you keep your focus and keep
going um because our focus is um with
the people in Palestine and the genocide
that's occurring so um we know why we're
here we know we're here for Palestine
and that's what keeps us going
California is seeing protests the length
of this state from San Francisco to
Sacramento to Los Angeles to here in
Orange County now this protest has been
very calm it's been very peaceful there
hasen't really been any counter protests
apart from the odd person walking by and
saying something from time to time and
that explains why there are virtually no
police here now these students are in
active negotiations with the university
and the hope is that it will continue to
remain calm remain peaceful and they can
continue to talk and get ultimately what
it is they set out to achieve Phil LEL
Al jazer at UC Irvine in Orange County
California make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz